[EDU-5879] feat-new-guide-protect-your-domain (#1415)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/secure-journey/edit-edge-firewall/protect-your-domain.mdx

meta_tags: 'secure, edge firewall, configuration, settings, domains'
namespace: docs_guides_secure_protect_your_domain
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/secure/edge-firewall-protect-your-domain/
menu_namespace: secureMenu
---

import Tabs from '~/components/tabs/Tabs'
import InterfaceNote from '~/includes/snippets/InterfaceNote/en/snippet.mdx'

<InterfaceNote />

Once you create an edge firewall with Azion, you can modify a few configurations. 

In this guide, you'll learn how to select an edge firewall to protect a particular domain.

<Tabs client:visible>
    <Fragment slot="tab.console">Console</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.rtm">Real-Time Manager</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.console">
On the Console, you must now configure your domain so your edge firewall protects it.

1. On the **Products menu**, select **Domains**.
2. Click on the domain you want to protect with your edge firewall.
3. In the **Settings** section, click the `Edge Firewall` selector and choose the edge firewall.
4. Click the **Save** button.

Done. Now the selected edge firewall will protect the domain you indicated.
</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.rtm">

> In case you are using RTM, this process is done while [configuring or editing the edge firewall](/en/documentation/products/guides/secure/edge-firewall-configure-main-settings/#domains-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you're using Real-Time Manager (RTM), this process is done while [configuring or editing the edge firewall](/en/documentation/products/guides/secure/edge-firewall-configure-main-settings/#domains-1).
```

---
title: Protect your domain
description: >-

>   Learn how to configure an Edge Firewall to protect your domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how to configure an edge firewall to protect your domain.
```

meta_tags: 'secure, edge firewall, configuration, settings, domains'
namespace: docs_guides_secure_protect_your_domain
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/secure/edge-firewall-protect-your-domain/
menu_namespace: secureMenu
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

import Tabs from '~/components/tabs/Tabs'
import InterfaceNote from '~/includes/snippets/InterfaceNote/en/snippet.mdx'

<InterfaceNote />

Once you create an edge firewall with Azion, you can modify a few configurations. 

> In this guide, you'll learn how to select an edge firewall to protect a particular domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this guide, you'll learn how to select an edge firewall to protect a particular domain.
```

<Tabs client:visible>
    <Fragment slot="tab.console">Console</Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="tab.rtm">Real-Time Manager</Fragment>

<Fragment slot="panel.console">

> 1. Select the **Rules Engine** tab.
> 2. Click the **+ Rule Engine** button.
> 3. Give a name to the rule.
> 4. Select a criteria to run and catch the domain you want to run the integration on. Example: `if Hostname is equal xxxxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net`.
> 5. Below, select a *behavior* to the *criteria*. In this case, it'll be **Run Function**. 
>     - Select the adequate function according to the name you gave it in the instantiate step.
> 6. Click the **Save** button.
> 
> On the Console, you must now configure your domain so it is protected by your Edge Firewall.
> 
> 7. On the **Products menu**, select **Domains**.
> 8. Click on the domain you want to protect with your hCaptcha function.
> 9. In the **Settings** section, click on the `Edge Firewall` selector and choose the Edge Firewall you've just created.
> 10. Click the **Save** button.
> 
> Done. Now the integration is running for every request made to the domain you indicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Console, you must now configure your domain so your edge firewall protects it.

1. On the **Products menu**, select **Domains**.
2. Click on the domain you want to protect with your hCaptcha function.
3. In the **Settings** section, click on the `Edge Firewall` selector and choose the Edge Firewall you've just created.
4. Click the **Save** button.

Done. Now the integration is running for every request made to the domain you indicated.
```

</Fragment>

> <Fragment slot="panel.rtm">

Reviewer: This content is related to Rules Engine, covered in this guide: https://www.azion.com/en/documentation/products/guides/secure/work-with-rules-engine/

Using RTM, this process is completed in the Main Settings configurations: https://www.azion.com/en/documentation/products/guides/secure/edge-firewall-configure-main-settings/#domains-1
Here we can link to the guide and/or explain how to adjust that part.

Author: Fixed as per suggestions.
